hello my name is Jack Ellis held you
from Annapolis Maryland in the mailing
business for 25 years and we've been
using reyna products for 22 almost 25
years reprocessed mail for the trade in
the industry where we go from processing
invoices to predominately addressing
mail and put it in the mail stream we
weigh inkjet we fold we let early stuff
and are one of our major ways of
addressing males through the rain
assistant products and whether it be
black or now we're using the cs color
version for printing the envelopes and
we find it to be quite profitable and
printing color envelopes versus black
envelopes so if you could tell me a
little bit about why you like Lea
systems and what what marina systems
represents to you and as a customer rina
systems has allowed me to financially
make a green impact in our company by
the fact that the quality of their
machines that they produce / engineered
better than the the other competitors on
the quality has been fine more
importantly that there are a service
organization and the machine is no good
unless it's working correctly and their
their staff Keith wish them who has been
there for as long as I've been calling
on arena and along with the guidance of
boto and now with son nick has been
there and they still stand behind the
fact that they're a service organization
has always been their number one with
the customer whether that they bought
from them or not they're there to help
people friends have told to call them
and they've helped them it helped me for
20-some years and just bought another
machine in the other day and we were
excited about the cs they've now
introduced they stand behind the
products they've always stand upon him
for 20-some years and i'm a testament to
that and i've probably had all the
machines we have a random museum here of
stuff dating back 20 years old and it
all works that's just the bottom line
recently we have just purchased a rena
CS the color version of the HP and we're
doing that to print for caller envelopes
for the short run 500 and under is we
believe the marketplace is for either
repairing or redoing envelopes that run
short and a job by hundreds and or
somebody who only has a job of 300 to
500 once a two or four color of picture
of a you have something on an envelope
and we have the found that this is
incredible market thing for us and we're
able to in terms of what each the color
is the way to go versus black and the
margins for color or ten times fold out
of a black whether it be a black copy to
a color copy it is the same in black ink
on an envelope that's been printed
versus doing it for color to it all in
one step process and we're very happy
with what we have and that's it
you